[kubernetes] Add docs for k8sclusterreceiver (#3086)
open-telemetry/opentelemetry.io: content/en/docs/kubernetes/collector/components.md

            path: /var/lib/docker/containers
        ...
```

## Kubernetes Cluster Receiver

| Deployment Pattern   | Usable                                                      |
| -------------------- | ----------------------------------------------------------- |
| DaemonSet (Agent)    | Yes, but will result in duplicate data                      |

> | Deployment (Gateway) | Yes, but more than 1 replicas will result in duplicate data |

Author: Replica

| Sidecar              | No                                                          |

The Kubernetes Cluster Receiver collects metrics and entity events about the
cluster as a whole using the Kubernetes API server. Use this receiver to answer
questions about pod phases, node conditions, and other cluster-wide questions.

> Since the receiver is gathering telemetry for the cluster as a whole, only one

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Since the receiver gathers telemetry for the cluster as a whole, only one
```

instance of the receiver is needed across the cluster in order to collect all
the data.

There are different methods for authentication, but typically a service account

> is used. The service account will also need proper permissions to pull data from

Reviewer: ```suggestion
is used. The service account also needs proper permissions to pull data from
```

the Kubernetes API server (see below). If you're using the
[OpenTelemetry Collector Helm chart](../../helm/collector/) you can use the
[`clusterMetrics` preset](../../helm/collector/#cluster-metrics-preset) to get
started.

> For node conditions, the receiver will only collect `Ready` by default, but can

Reviewer: ```suggestion
For node conditions, the receiver onlys collect `Ready` by default, but it can
```
